====================================================================
README for eWeBuKi
====================================================================


eWeBuKi is a PHP-based web-publishing system. Friends of good 
design are left with all liberties of HTML, editors get an easy way 
of changing the content of a web site without the hassle of special 
languages or tools. This is achieved by storing all content in a 
database; the formatting is done via templates which can be changed 
with any HTML editor.

In contrast to other Content Management Systems eWeBuKi divides a 
web site into ranges. These ranges are recursively processed with a 
so-called "Parser". If a range is not assigned to special template, 
the standard template will be used automatically. This assignment is 
controlled by a simple variable. Thus any functionality can actually 
be visualized within the kit. The content is stored in the database 
in several languages and category-dependently. It can be changed 
right there - in pure ASCII with special tags or in HTML - with any 
web browser. Additionally, the system currently supports the WYSIWYG 
editor "Composite", a plugin to Mozilla. Support for the InterNet 
Explorer is planned.

From this description, the assumtion is correct that eWeBuKi is 
not focussing the home user who wants to create a website with a few 
mouseclicks. The target group are developers and web designers who 
are looking for a system which is flexible to a considerable degree 
and nearly indefinitely expandable. However, because all fundamental 
functions are actually made available by the kit, a static site 
without interaction can be set up in a few hours.

The requirements for eWeBuKi are Linux as operating system, an 
Apache webserver with mod_rewrite activated, MySQL as database and 
PHP4.